it broke my silence
Area
what my friend and I have been to
my mouth kept from today
day our ways are split
because you speak again are offered to mine
back hover your films
but there is no wage and I have
this idiocy because gangster blabber
guarded your eggs as a albaner the
has come meet us in the
city ​​and you meant or was it
not what it is and you have it
shown and you think after no rose
pussy alone but you're ne is
The proof of your career is laying right now
even on ice change the scissors
from here and there you want to know me
and the attention to stories
but my friend there you have
cut as in children's muslim
animals sky mind survived
I should unpack more, I think
not forget everything right
gonna be instead of what you cared for
and in your life it's easy
what went wrong what my joy was wrong
do you tell a number change from
a spread to the other day
lie about me in the whole city
act your grave best ever
it ensures that rankel done so
says nothing and come to your
Cocaine stories in the glove box should
a kilo of rice are the convert
flights you soon swim in there I have
an ass in the sleeve
kuka king words meet heartbeats
reality and your songs have none
adequate because the man at the main one
not rule number 1
do not miss what's up